How to use XFCE3 Taskbar
author:		Marcin Staszyszyn
date:		08-June-2002
doc ver.: 	1.0
taskbar ver. 	1.5

0. New features
for ver. 1.5

1. Installation
Taskbar is an integrated part of xfce panel and should be obtained together
with xfce3 distribution.
To enable taskbar in xfce simply pass '--enable-taskbar' option to 'configure'
script. Hypothetical installation session can look like this: 
	cd $XFCE_SRC_DIR
	./configure --enable-taskbar 
	make install-strip
	
2. Using taskbar
To open taskbar click on thin, wide line at the bottom of xfce panel. It opens
taskbar area. You can see there two small buttons: one on the left and second on
the right side and a few relative big buttons representing X's windows. The 
left-most small button is called 'close' button, the right-most -- 'taskjar' and
other buttons are called 'task' buttons.

'Close' button.
This button is used to change the most important taskbar options. Right-click on
it and pop-up menu appears. There you can:
- 'Stand-alone' - switch between standalone (Windows95 like) and embedded (default) 
   state
- 'Sort order' - set sort order for 'task' buttons
- 'System load' - on/off system load indicator on 'close' button. This feature is
  available only on systems supporting system stats in '/proc/stat' file. I guess
  that's only on Linux
- 'Only current desk' - on/off showing only 'task' buttons for windows of current 
  desk
When showing system load is on, 'close' button changes colour from white (low 
load) to dark red (high load) according to current CPU activity.
Above menu setting are kept between XFCE invocations

'Task' button(s)
Task button appears for each window on xfce desktop. (see also 'taskbarrc file' 
and 'Close button' sections). It has two states:
'pressed' when window has currently focus and 'normal' otherwise. Only one 'task' 
button can be in 'pressed' state at the moment. When you click on 'pressed' task
button corresponding window is iconified. When you click on 'normal' one -- window
pops up and obtains focus.
When pop-up menu for 'task' button is defined (see 'taskbarrc file' section) right-
clicking on 'task' button pops up menu from which you can execute XFWM command
on corresponding window.

'TaskJar' button
Here you can put windows (task) which are rarely used. In such case 'task' button
for specified window does not longer appear on taskbar area but that window is 
accessible from 'taskjar' button. Just left-click on 'taskjar' button and select
appropriate window name from pop-up menu left-clicking it. When you right-click 
that menu item corresponding task is got out from taskjar and put back on taskbar.

In order to put task into 'taskjar' you must configure pop-up menu for 'task' 
buttons. See 'taskbarrc file' section later in this document. Standard xfce
distribution comes with predefined menu which contains appropriate option.
 
'taskbarrc' file
The 'taskbarrc' file is stored in $HOME/.xfce and contains customization options
for taskbar. There you can define:
0) end-of-line comments. It must start at first column

1) menu items for pop-up menu of 'task' button
Menu "descr" "cmd"
when 'desc' is menu item caption and 'cmd' is either any XFWM command or 'TASKJAR'

For example:
Menu "(Un)Shade" "Shade"
Menu "Send to..." "WindowsDesk 0 %%"
'%%' is replaced by desk number selected by user from submenu

You can also put there menu separator:
Menu SEP

2) patterns matching window names to be automatically sent to taskjar, for example:
Taskjar mstasz*
Taskjar xosview*
Please note that XFCE wildcards ('*' and '?') are allowed

3) various XFCE options. 
 Option WindowListSkip
and
 Option NO_WindowListSkip
They turn on/off respect to WINDOWLISTSKIP flag, which removes window
form taskbar. Please note that this option is SET be default (so you must use
NO_WindowListSkip if you want to have all windows on taskbar)

Option HidePanel
hides XFCE panel when taskbar is in stand-alone (win95 like) mode









